WASHINGTON WITH THE DETAILS.
CATHERINE?
>> THINK YOU COME MELISSA, AND
GOOD AFTERNOON.
IN THE LAST HOUR, FOX NEWS HAS
CONFIRMED THAT MICHAEL COHEN IS
SUING THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
ACCORDING TO THESE COURT
RECORDS, COHEN SAID THEY FAILED
TO REIMBURSE HIM FOR LEGAL FEES
AND COSTS THAT AROSE FROM HIS
WORK FOR THE TRUMPS THAT IS NOT
THE SUBJECT OF ONGOING
INVESTIGATION.
SEPARATELY, REPUBLICANS CHARGE
THAT SPEECH 14 LIKELY
PERJURED HIMSELF AFTER
LANNY DAVIS CONFIRMED HE DID
EXPLORE A PARDON AFTER THE FBI,
GREETED THE NEW YORK OFFICES AND
APARTMENT IN APRIL 2018.
THIS IS WHAT COHEN SAID UNDER
OATH LAST WEEK.
>> MY TESTIMONY CERTAINLY DOES
NOT DIMINISH THE PAIN THAT I
HAVE CAUSED MY FAMILY AND MY
FRIENDS.
NOTHING CAN DO THAT.
AND I HAVE NEVER ASKED FOR, NOR
WOULD I ACCEPT, A PARDON FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP.
>> THE PRESIDENT’S LEGAL TEAM
TODAY’S HIGHLIGHTING WHAT THEY
CALL INCONSISTENCY, POINTING TO
THE STATEMENT FROM COHEN’S
ATTORNEY LANNY DAVIS THAT READS
IN PART, "PRIOR TO
MICHAEL COHEN’S DECISION TO
LEAVE THE JOINT DEFENSE GROUP
AND TELL THE TRUTH ON JULY 2ND,
2018, MICHAEL WAS OPEN TO THE
ONGOING DANGLING OF A POSSIBLE
PARDON BY TRUMP REPRESENTATIVES
PRIVATELY AND IN THE MEDIA."
DURING THAT TIME.
HE DIRECTED HIS ATTORNEY TO
EXPLORE POSSIBILITIES OF A
PARDON.
WE ARE ALSO LEARNING NEW
INFORMATION TODAY ABOUT
DOCUMENTS MICHAEL COHEN PROVIDED
HOUSE INVESTIGATORS YESTERDAY
ABOUT HIS CONGRESSIONAL
TESTIMONY INVOLVING A 2016
MOSCOW REAL ESTATE PROJECT.
THE RECORD INCLUDED EDITS BY THE
LEGAL TEAM, SHOWING THE ORIGINAL
DATE IN THE ORIGINAL DRAFT BY
SPEECH 14 WAS IN
FACT
-- THAT UNDERCUTS ALLEGATIONS
THAT THEY MAIN KEY CHANGES TO
ALL TOOK TIMELINE.
AS YOU KNOW, MELISSA, COHEN
ACKNOWLEDGING THE GUILT HE PLEA
LAST YEAR SAYING HE MISLED THEM
WHEN HE SAID THEY ABANDONED THE
PROJECT
AFTER THE PROJECT CONTINUED FOR
MONTHS LATER
AFTER --
HERE’S WHAT COHEN HAD TO SAY
ABOUT THAT.
>> HIS PERSONAL LAWYERS REVIEWED
AND EDITED MY STATEMENT TO
CONGRESS ABOUT THE TIMING OF THE
MOSCOW TOWER NEGOTIATIONS.
BEFORE I GAVE IT.
LET’S BE CLEAR.
MR. TRUMP KNEW OF AND DIRECTED
THE MOSCOW NEGOTIATIONS
THROUGHOUT THE CAMPAIGN AND LIED
ABOUT IT.
>> THERE ARE NEW QUESTIONS THIS
MORNING ABOUT CONTACTS BETWEEN
CONGRESSMAN ADAM SCHIFF’S STAFF.
SOURCES TELL FOX NEWS THEY’VE
RELEASED FOUR MEETINGS TOTALING
12 HOURS BEFORE THE PUBLIC